# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   e2b-code-interpreter
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
audioop-lts==0.2.2
    # via gradio
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
brotli==1.1.0
    # via gradio
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dockerfile-parse==2.0.1
    # via e2b
e2b==2.2.0
    # via e2b-code-interpreter
e2b-code-interpreter==2.0.0
    # via mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
fastapi==0.118.0
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.6.1
    # via gradio
filelock==3.19.1
    # via huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.183.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via
    #   mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
gradio==5.47.2
    # via mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
gradio-client==1.13.3
    # via gradio
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.2
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   e2b-code-interpreter
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   safehttpx
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via mcp
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   pydeck
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   mcp
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.27
    # via mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.76
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mcp-adapters
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.0.10
    # via mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
langchain-mcp-adapters==0.1.10
    # via mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.8
    # via mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.9
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
mcp==1.15.0
    # via
    #   mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-mcp-adapters
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
narwhals==2.6.0
    # via altair
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   e2b
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   streamlit
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via mcp
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   mcp
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruff==0.13.2
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via langchain
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
starlette==0.48.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   mcp
streamlit==1.50.0
    # via mcpserver (pyproject.toml)
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via gradio
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
typer==0.19.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   mcp
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   e2b
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   grpcio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-mcp-adapters
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.37.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   mcp
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via gradio-client
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith
